Det næste kapitel går igennem et par forskellige moduler,
vi kommer til at kigge på:

Node (core)
Allows you to post content and create your own content types
Nodesne havde 2 typer,  Page og Story, Page er mere statisk indhold som f.eks FAQ og Terms of use.
imens Story kan være artikler og deslignende.. Men vi kan også configuere nye Nodes med andre attributter.


User (core)
Handles allowing users to log in, as well as Drupal’s robust roles and permissions systems


Block (core)
Adds dynamic sidebars and other supplementary content


Menu (core)
Handles management of a Drupal website’s navigation

Okay- så der er et Menu module,  og det er nok derfor det hedder hook_blabla_Menu agtigt. 
Navigation
The main system menu. In practice, this menu is the default “dumping ground” of
links offered by modules, including administrative tasks.

Primary links
An empty menu provided for custom navigation needs, typically displayed very
prominently in the site’s design. Major sections of the site such as “Home” and
“Blog” tend to be placed in the Primary links menu.

Secondary links
Another empty menu provided for custom navigation needs, but more subdued in
presentation. As a general rule, more supplementary pages such as “Terms of Service”
or “FAQ” are placed in the Secondary links menu.


Path (core)
Allows entry of friendly URLs such as http://www.example.com/about rather than
http://www.example.com/node/1.



Administration Menu (http://drupal.org/project/admin_menu)
Provides a dynamic drop-down navigation menu to speed administrative tasks



Contact (core)
A simple form that site visitors may use to send inquiries to website owners



Blog (core)
Provides quick and easy multiuser blog functionality


Taxonomy (core)
A powerful classification and categorization system



Filter (core)
An important and often misunderstood module that is key to Drupal security
FCKeditor (http://drupal.org/project/fckeditor)
A “What You See Is What You Get” (WYSIWYG) editor that allows people without
HTML knowledge to create rich website content


IMCE (http://drupal.org/project/imce)
An add-on module that can work with editors such as FCKEditor to make it easy
to add images to website content
